this morning I want to take a closer
look at baby Marita to discover how much
he's developed in the time I've been
away but the first gorilla to catch my
eye isn't the baby it's his dad
an incredible sight Jim in akhirat ways
played more than three times my weight
and he's sitting on a branch that is no
thick up in my heart these gorillas have
a bigger territorial range than their
mountain gorillas cousins they also
spend more time in the trees which means
their range extends upwards as well as I
works in forests like this you know
they're just constantly searching for
food the fact that they climb trees so
frequently goes to sure that a lot of
their food is right up there
however treetops dining doesn't always
go to plan
[Music]
you